1.
    a. for each trip, choose a random route by making random choices at each intersection
    b. limit the distance traveled to the desired distance
    - biased towards denser parts of the network
2.
    a. generate isochrones for: minumum distance, each distance tier
    b. buffer each by check distance
    c. for each trip, choose a random point within the distance tier polygon, not within the min distance polygon
    - generating isochrones & buffers potentially expensive
3.
    a. for each trip, choose a random point along the network ("lay out" network along number line)
    b. find route back home
    c. check if distance appropriate, else reroll
    - biased towards denser parts of the network
    - potentially lots of rerolling
3.
    a. for each trip, choose a random point along the network
    b. find route back home
    c. reroll if shorter than min distance, trim to distance tier
    - biased towards denser parts of the network
    - biased away from shorter routes, could still be lots of rerolling
4.
    a. for each trip, choose a random point in a circle
    b. find nearest segment
    c. check if nearest segment is within check distance, else reroll
    d. find route back home
    e. reroll if shorter than min distance, trim to distance tier
    - potentially lots of rerolls for a sparse network
    - trimming results in slight bias towards outer edges
5.
    a. for each trip, choose a random point in a circle
    b. find nearest segment
    c. find route back home
    d. reroll if shorter than min distance, trim to distance tier
    - biased towards sparse parts & "edges" of the network
    - trimming results in slight bias towards outer edges
6.
    a. run Dijkstra's algorithm starting from home location
    b. follow network until reaching each distance tier
    c. at this point the queue of "discovered" nodes are just outside of the distance, so the potential points at this distance are along the edges going to those nodes

for all: consider rerolling if a point is too close to another (e.g. check distance)
